h1. ACTS_AS-FU

Now you have no excuse for not test-driving your ActiveRecord
extending plugins.

h3. Usage

In your spec_helper.rb (pretty sure this works with Test::Unit
too, I'll leave you to figure it out though)

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'acts_as_fu'
  require 'spec'
  
  Spec::Runner.configure do |config|
    config.include ActsAsFu
  end

Then in your specs:

<pre>
describe "acts_as_gilmore_girls" do
  before(:each) do
    build_model :nerds do
      text :omg_omg_bio
      string :name
      string :favorite_scene
      has_many
      
      validates_presence_of :favorite_scene
      
      def awesome?(show_name)
        show_name == "Gilmore Girls"
      end
      
    end
  end

  it "should require favorite scene" do
    nerd = Nerd.new :favorite_scene => nil
    nerd.should_not be_valid
    nerd.errors.on(:favorite_scene).should_not be_nil
  end

  it "should think gilmore girls is awesome"
    nerd = Nerd.new
    nerd.awesome?("Gilmore Girls").should be_true
  end

  it "has other stuff" do
    # ETC!
  end
end
</pre>
  
The @build_model@ method allows you to build an ActiveRecord model on
the fly. It takes a block where you can specify columns and methods.

h4. Single Table Inheritance

If you want to create a model that's a subclass of another, you can
use the @:superclass@ option:

  build_model(:assets) do
    string :type
    string :name
    named_scope :pictures, :conditions => { :type => "Picture" }
  end

  build_model(:pictures, :superclass => Asset)

The @Picture@ model will then be a subclass of the @Asset@ model.

h4. Custom database configuration

If the in-memory sqlite3 database doesn't suit your needs, you can
specify an alternative configuration with the @ActsAsFu.connect!@ method:

  ActsAsFu.connect! \
    :adapter => 'mysql',
    :database => 'some-db',
    :username => 'some-user',
    :password => 'some-password',
    :socket => '/path/to/mysql.sock'

h3. Install

  gem install nakajima-acts_as_fu --source=http://gems.github.com

TODO

* Maybe a couple more options... maybe.

NOTE

Despite the above example, watching Gilmore Girls doesn't make you
a nerd. Probably.

(c) Copyright 2008 Pat Nakajima. All Rights Reserved.